c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe.config
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.g.resources
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
c:\users\yisus\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.g.resources
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Desktop\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll.config
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.g.resources
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\ConfirmarCompra.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\ConfirmarCompra.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroView.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe.config
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignColors.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.DALC.dll.config
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\FastFood.Negocio.dll.config
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\GongSolutions.Wpf.DragDrop.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\MaterialDesignThemes.Wpf.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\ConfirmarCompra.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroView.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CocineroView.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\ConfirmarCompra.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorProductos.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorPublicidad.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerenteView.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\Login.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroView.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\MantenedorOrdenes.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\CajeroPaginas\SistemaProductos.baml
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.g.resources
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.exe
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\FastFoodProject.pdb
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorUsuario.g.cs
C:\Users\Jose\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorUsuario.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorUsuario.g.cs
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\obj\Debug\GerentePaginas\MantenedorUsuario.baml
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Controls.v6.2.dll
C:\Users\Yisus\Documents\GitHub\FastFoodSystems\FastFoodProject\FastFoodProject\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Controls.v6.2.xml
